today when the TV gets thinner and
lighter than some pictures on their wall
less than half of buyers for
many are just more accustomed to put
TV on the dressers
shelves and other furniture but how to make it
steady but infinitely enlarged legs
impossible they will become too
cumbersome solution offered by the company
sony will present the concept in edge
implemented in the w 95 series is
a new form of the devices themselves in cross section
resembling pyramids in
stands for white edge that is
wide edges of the tv made for this
sheriff profile concept than ordinary
but not over the entire height and bottom only when
this thickness of the shell in the bottom
slightly more than the flagship
last year’s models but the main thing is
how new tvs are arranged
because of the special profile of the special legs
and the location of the components inside the center
gravity they have shifted down from which the whole
the design has gained astounding
stability while it takes
less space than models with
traditional leg thickness increase
housing allowed to accommodate more
high quality speakers with acoustic
maze to improve the transmission of the lower
frequencies but the main change is higher
sony tv concerns quality
images are not exactly new
technology extender give a moment earlier by
Essentially this is a new highlight to the panel
allowing to exercise strictly
local dimming of the screen from what
the contrast increases several times
what is real in one frame
they are dynamic to evaluate not needed
measuring sand enough just
any concert also in the backlight
Awl technology applied and -
giving the flowers a special saturation from
such a picture is difficult to look away
nature helmets carnivals evening streets
will conquer anyone who appreciates quality
portray
they are and given the availability of beautiful media
player on board
it turns out that this is one of the best fly
model on the market